hey everyone welcome back to let's play
kirby's dream course today we're going
to be playing course three should be
pretty good in course three the whole
start to open up a little bit more
little bit bigger holes should be good
just hovering who's who's this guy three
gold medals that it is it's the haida
tomato my nemesis Wow looks like you get
us pretty bad on the first course I
guess we'll just have to get our revenge
on course three I don't even remember
Linda hey my cartridge help whatever
first of all I guess we got this little
intro movie here uh you know kind of
phone Jane on this intro movie I think
showing off the curve shot if you
haven't already figured it out Kirby's
like I did it all right good job Kurt
it's eerie on curse three the first of
all let's take a take a look at to hate
it to me to score pretty good pretty
good score really we're gonna have to
we're gonna have to pull out all the
stops if we want to if we want to
content with this guy should be a
challenge well let's just hop right in
course three let you know that things
are starting to get serious right off
the bed if you don't make this first
shot a perfect shot this score could
easily turn into a four or five or six
or eight anything really
got a little a sand trap over here I
guess the Gordo patrolling the border
thankfully though since it's the first
shot if you mess it up you can just hit
restart and you know start over no big
deal it's a pretty easy shot that once
you figure it out just three quarters
simple jump but this shots a little bit
more tough tell you the truth though I
just played this whole about I flick
this whole so much now that I I can do
these two shots in my sleep but um yeah
this is kind of an interesting shot and
you have to nail it if you uh if you
don't want to be punished that's how a
lot of the shots in this game are you
have to uh the game has the shot set up
in a very specific way that they want
you to pull off this this hole into
right here can really get you in a jam
because sometimes you can get caught on
the lip of the whole when you want jump
over it and get that nice roll back down
it's really it's either have to have
amazing reflexes or just get lucky the
power balance are not power bounce so
here we are in course on hole two cubs
hold us up Wow hated to mega got to hole
in ones after this course or how he did
that hmm you must have chose his power
down here wisely it's three different
powers right here we've seen them all so
far nothing new got a amalgamation of
elevator Amina you know what are they
even call you know those things at the
airport so yeah we need to choose our
power wisely here so I'm going to let
you guys decide where you want to go
just click on the guy that you want
whose power you want to have for the
rest of the course and that's who will
go for just go ahead and click someone
panel seed name